Described form group a11y (#2783)
elastic/eui: CHANGELOG.md

- Converted `EuiFilterButton` to TypeScript ([#2761](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/2761))
- Converted `EuiFilterSelectItem` to TypeScript ([#2761](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/2761))
- Converted `EuiFieldSearch` to TypeScript ([#2775](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/2775))

> - Improved `EuiDescribedFormGroup` accessiblity ([#2783](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/2783))

Reviewer: Maybe you can be a bit more descriptive here, something like 

```suggestion
- Improved `EuiDescribedFormGroup` accessibility by avoiding duplicated output in screen readers ([#2783](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/2783))
```
